interesting developments in Nepal right
ahead of the visit of the Indian Prime
Minister Narendra Modi the Nepal cabinet
well have decided to declare a two day
national holiday in honor of the Indian
Prime Minister's visit now Prime
Minister Narendra Modi will undertake a
wizard to Nepal tomorrow with the name
of taking the bilateral relations to a
higher level through further cooperation
in economic and other areas even offer
pooja have the famous pashupatinath
shrine modi will be in Nepal for two
days during which the two countries are
expected to sign agreements in sectors
like power India may also announced
economic aid for that country this will
be the first violet row visit by an
indian prime minister to nepal in 17
years that after ik gujral at the final
dress in 1997 the wizard underlines
Modi's focus and priority to India's
neighborhood there is heavy security in
Nepal for the Prime Minister's visit
from some not in Gujarat to kashi
vishwanath in Uttar Pradesh and now Lord
pashupatinath temple here in Katmandu
Nepal preparations in place to welcome
Prime Minister Narendra Modi as he
visits this temple on Monday that is a
huge statue gold plated statue of nandi
bull seen as the vehicle of Lord Shiv
this is a temple of Lord Shiv and it is
said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi
is a devotee of Lord Shiv at the
passivity not temple with me is Govind
Tandon he is a member of the
pashupatinath temple trust tell us about
the preparations in place to welcome
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the
special pooja we are preparing all type
of things to welcome Prime Minister
Narendra Modi ji to persuade not
temporary so now we are in the last
stage so tomorrow on Sunday it will
finish all the preparation to welcome
our honorable Prime Minister Narendra
Modi ji from India if we were to talk
about the special prayers that are being
planned for him it's called Rudra he
shake and there are 11 Brahmins the
priests who will pray what is Rudra be
shake all about please tell us about the
special prayers yes in the middle name
garbha Griha yes there will be 11
Brahmins who just hunting over there the
vedic my dick mantra it is called Rudra
it is called rudely so it in the same
time there will be no Pooja in the past
with mark temple by honorable prime
minister and it is called Ravi sick also
because there are pants on with bhusan
one somnath means it is the holy holy
snom applaud basmati not where it is
sour bye honey milk from cow and he and
sugar all these things jointly mixed
that is called concern with poison many
thanks there are thousands of devotees
who come every day to this parsha
patinar temple it is believed to be a
temple which which has been in place
since the fifth century BC according to
the priests here but according to
historical evidence that is available
this temple in its current form was
built in the 17th century Prime Minister
Narendra Modi will enter from this door
once he enters from this door there'll
be that special prayer in the garba
people you're also hope that he'll be
able to visit some other temples around
a sit on the banks of bagmati river and
also meet the locals here who are very
very keen to meet Prime Minister
Narendra Modi with cameraman Kirpal
Singh gaurav seventh at the Posche of
athena temple in Katmandu Nepal for
headlines today